hey if you like this video
show me your love by giving it the
thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe
wait wait wait don't turn it off don't
turn it off
i got just what you need trust me
just a sec
[Music]
here there you go another video
completely off the topic you just
watched
but i'm 100 sure you'll
love it
what come on watch it
see told you it was awesome now give
this to me i'll show you something else
[Music]
there watch this now
then give me a like and click that
subscribe button
i love your enthusiasm i have so much to
show you
there you go another cutesy cat video
it's 36 minutes long so
get comfy now and i'll stand here and
wait
oh all right i'll wait for you to wake
up then
oh you silly kitty
[Music]
this is an advert
hey but you won't hear a thing when the
video resumes
oops
[Music]
come in
come on don't be shy we're all friends
here
[Music]
so what do you need young fella
um i want to become a vlogger but i'm
not sure i have what it takes
hey you already do you come to me
and i'll help you get started here watch
this video
it'll guide you during the first steps
and i'll recommend your best videos to
millions of people deal
[Music]
then go go make your first hit
i believe in you next
oh hey you've been doing really good
lately haven't you
yeah and all thanks to you so many of my
videos got recommended
and now i finally have 100 000 subs
i know right that's because you're
awesome and you totally deserve this
silver button
oh thank you so much looking forward to
my gold button already
uh you know about that i'm afraid i'll
have to stop recommending you
as much as before what but why
because now you're all grown up and i
can't give you so much attention
you'll have to work harder for me to
recommend your videos
and the more subs you get the harder
it'll be to get
them well okay i guess i can cope with
that
anything else i need to know yeah um
you'll get demonetized much more often
from now on
because i'll be watching you more
closely
so you're basically saying i'm fine on
my own but you're watching me closely
uh that doesn't make any sense you know
i know
but this is just how it works sorry
can't do anything rules you know what
you're right i'm fine on my own
next hey what's up man
how you doing hey guys i reckon you've
come here for your diamond button
totally man 100 million subs no kidding
here you deserve this yay
thanks man now get out
what i said get out and remember
i'm watching your every step try
something
and i'll remove ads from all your videos
better stick to something family
friendly so you don't get the boot
now go i'm a busy guy
next oh you're finally here sir
here take a seat no
all right what brings you here
ah sorry i forgot to put it into
recommendations
we'll do right away just you wait and
see
there you go all done
[Music]
how could i forget to recommend that
video i need some rest
[Music]
you might also like sorcerer the dark
sauce
just let me know if you want to watch it
right now
maybe this one's more to your liking
marlin
king arthritis is wizard
[Music]
how about this then bill skargart's fun
clown
acting lessons
wait how is this even relevant so
you're interested okay let's watch it
and then i'll give you a ton more
awesome vids that have
nothing to do with what you are watching
i can
do that you know yeah i absolutely know
it
no i'm not interested i just asked how
clown acting was relevant to this movie
now get out of my room
[Music]
today i'll show you how to bulk up with
just
demonetized get dressed already
today we'll learn how to sew a cardigan
so the first thing you do is put the
needle through here
ouch demonetized
no violence on the screen
oh posie i love you so much
[Music]
demonetized no animal cruelty
demonetized what are you even doing
oh you're not uh sorry a little
misunderstanding here
but just don't do it like this okay um
i think i'll just go sorry for the
[Music]
canvas
not going to happen buddy your video was
d
lee ted but why there wasn't anything
special in it
because it was a copyright infringement
but i shot it myself on my smartphone
here it is
can't help it man you use footage that
belonged to someone else
that'll teach you not to steal other
people's property
there's a door handle for that you
you watch your mouth young man good
thing i was still here to bleep out your
foul language
but i just said you should learn to use
it well um
consider this a preventative measure
[Music]
then